well we can speak now to Sarah khed she
joins us live from occupied East
Jerusalem Sarah we understand that
Israeli forces have released a statement
about the raid alifa what more can you
tell
us good good morning Maring well there's
been a few statements actually and
certainly in response to that uh phone
call um the Israeli military is saying
that it's operating on a very specific
location away from uh many of those
patients uh it says that uh this is
based on us and Israeli intelligence
well since then in the latest statement
actually they now saying uh there is no
indication of the presence of uh
captives inside the hospital and that
the scan uh continues well that's a
little bit contradictory to a statement
earlier um where they were saying that
they knew exactly what they were going
in for the same way they did with uh
rtii hospital um they've also added that
um no patient or medical staff there was
no any issues or encountering any of
them at during this operation um and
that they've killed five Hamas Fighters
uh on Entry um well this is not the
first time that the Israeli military has
maintained uh that the hospital is being
used as a command center by Hamas we've
seen this in previous years and previous
uh Wars earlier it said that it was
having two goals one to get rid of Hamas
in shaer hospital um and the other was
to find uh those that are held captive
because of course the pressure is
mounting every single day by the
families of those that are being held
captive in Gaza um as they continue to
call for an immediate ceasefire to be
able to bring back uh their loved ones
home back here even if that means uh uh
um responding to Hamas requests on the
release of all of the prisoners in
exchange for those C captives now what
we're seeing is one thing from uh the
Israeli military that is trying to
present to the rest of the world that
it's working within International
humanitarian law what we're seeing
though and what we're hearing from the G
ground tells a different uh story we're
starting now to get reaction more
reaction from humanitarian Aid
organizations we have here uh reached
out to the Red Cross but we're still
waiting to hear back on what their
response is to helping those that are
trapped in the hospital okay thank you
for that update Sarah H there for us in
occupied East Jerusalem